# 6 - The Shinra Building Extravaganza!

Recommended Level: |
--------------------
Cloud-LVL 16 |
Barret-LVL 14 |
Tifa-LVL 14 |
                                                                              
Guide: Visit Aerith's house and see the horribly off center text
with the flashback concerning Elmyra's husband. When that's done, go into the
house with the Turtle's Paradise flyer, and talk to the kid. If you looked at
and didn't steal the 50 Gil, he'll give you a Turbo Ether.

When you get back to the destroyed Playground, there is a Hidden Item:

Void Debris:

![hdn_itm_111](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5330991/2c2732a0-7de4-11e4-8e20-837de854f702.jpg)

In Wall Market, take a peek at the Save Point. You should have 111 of 111
Hidden Items. Time for the Shinra-fest! Next to the weapon shop (The one that
says "MACHINE GUN"), there is a guy that mentions how he's been trying to
crack a machine for a while. He then says "Left Right Right Left Right Right
Left Left". There's a machine right next to him with a little slot open.
Don't use this yet. First, go up, and make sure the kids aren't on the screen.
They're the ones that say "Wanna see somethin' cool?". Otherwise, they'll
take the reward.

Put in the combo on the machine once the kids are gone (as fast as you can),
and a Yellow Materia will flop onto the ground. This is another Thief materia.
This'll make stealing much easier!

However, not only do you have to put in the combo as fast as you can, you also
have to run over and pick it up as fast as you can. Cloud stands there like a
dumbass for about 5 seconds, and the materia may disappear before it fully
picks up. That's annoying. But now, you have two people who can steal.

Oh, by the way, buy 40 Grenades. We'll need them for the bosses in the Shinra
Building.

Climb the Shiny Wire of Hope. When you get to the second battery station,
DON'T USE IT. You'll miss a Hidden Item:

Grenade:

![hdn_itm_112](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5330992/2c2d0694-7de4-11e4-93c4-c798ed10ee03.jpg)

When you get to the part where you gotta jump on the wire, keep moving up.
You'll climb on the wire and be at the third battery station. Use another to
get an Arctic Wind. Climb down the wire on the right side to get to the second
Hidden Item of the first screen:

Landmine:

![hdn_itm_113](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5330993/2c311c16-7de4-11e4-85f5-29388e98a349.jpg)

And the battery port reset, so put in your last battery and get another Arctic
Wind. Climb up the rest of the wire to reach the Shinra Building. This'll get
interesting!

First, after the introductions at the front of the building, head back one
screen. There are 3 Hidden Items here:

Mythril Claw:

![hdn_itm_114](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5330994/2c35a3da-7de4-11e4-8021-1dce70503ff7.jpg)

Hard Edge:

![hdn_itm_115](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5330995/2c36e966-7de4-11e4-91b6-f2f0cac93995.jpg)

Cannon Ball:

![hdn_itm_116](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5330997/2c3a095c-7de4-11e4-9228-70607b1778ed.jpg)

Let's take the stairs. On the screen where Barret's asking "Are we there yet?",
there is a Mega Elixir on the screen. It's about halfway up, in a white bag,
in the corner.

Once you reach the 59th floor, you'll be assaulted by Shinra Troopers. They're
not that tough, so kill'em. On the table below you, you'll see a green
rectangle. That's Keycard 60. Head up a floor, and then head all the way back
down to Floor 1. Be sure to fight and win all random battles. We need as much
money as we can get.

Examine the Turtle's Paradise poster in the back. Head upstairs one floor, and
there's 2 Hidden Items here:

Potion:

![hdn_itm_117](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5330996/2c39a6d8-7de4-11e4-9579-734179cd1a71.jpg)

Ether:

![hdn_itm_118](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5330998/2c407134-7de4-11e4-8ceb-1fec8680e522.jpg)

Head into the item shop. There's a Hidden Item in here:

122 Gil:

![hdn_itm_119](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5330999/2c44e7b4-7de4-11e4-9e82-9aa4863bf632.jpg)

Head up one more floor, and there's another Hidden Item:

222 Gil:

![hdn_itm_120](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331000/2c47e34c-7de4-11e4-8df0-24d3a9053639.jpg)

On floor 60, don't get caught by the guards. That's it. No Hidden Items or
anything. On Floor 61, there's 3 Hidden Items:

Energy Drinks:

![hdn_itm_121](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331001/2c4cc088-7de4-11e4-83f0-d18165aa4233.jpg)

![hdn_itm_122](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331002/2c4f2418-7de4-11e4-964d-8b5f794adf26.jpg)

976 Gil:

![hdn_itm_123](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331003/2c4f48a8-7de4-11e4-9f16-990d15a82d5c.jpg)

There's a puzzle here in this floor. Talk to the girl near the elevator, and
let her teach you things. Next, talk to the guy with a blue jacket and brown
pants, and he'll give you something that needs validating. Take this to the
girl near the elevator, and tell her to sign it. That's not her job. There's
a person sitting at a table alone. Across from him is a guy in a red jacket,
and someone wearing a white jacked. Talk to the guy sitting by himself, and he'll
yammer on and sign it for you. Rather, he'll point you to the guy across from
him. Take it to the guy in the red jacket, and he'll say he can't sign it.
There's a girl near the tree. Take it to her, and she'll point you to someone
walking around in a grey suit. He'll sign it and give you the Keycard 62. All
of this to get a damn piece of paper signed.

On floor 62, talk to Mayor Domino. **DO NOT ENTER THE TOP SET OF BOOKCASES**. As
of current, they are bugged and will crash your game if you enter them. This
currently makes it impossible to get all Hidden Items. It's being worked on.
There's a Hidden Item here:

Bomb Fragment:

![hdn_itm_124](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331005/2c58cf72-7de4-11e4-90a1-eff0feddae5c.jpg)

Enter the bottom set of bookcases (with the yellow and blue bookcases).
There's 2 Hidden Items here:

Green Ooze:

![hdn_itm_125](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331004/2c56dbc2-7de4-11e4-8d75-92cea3bc7d3b.jpg)

Mega Gong:

![hdn_itm_126](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331006/2c605292-7de4-11e4-8a41-f36b36dfd3bb.jpg)

You should already know how to solve this password, but just in case
you don't, there's 4 libraries (even though we only have access to 2). The
panel will tell you which library you're in. In each library, there's one book
that doesn't belong. With the number at the beginning of the entry, count that
amount of letters into the title (not counting spaces, letters only). With
the 2 you get from the bottom set of bookcases, that should easily narrow it
down to 1 password.

You want to get it right on the first try so we can get the Elemental materia.
This will make some fights SO much easier, yet so much more hindering, since
it reduces your stats SOOOO terribly.

On Floor 63, we get a free pass. The minigame is disabled, for whatever
reason. On Floor 64, we have 3 Hidden Items to get:

Energy Drinks:

![hdn_itm_127](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331007/2c65bd9a-7de4-11e4-8480-1e3c1fa3e4c4.jpg)

![hdn_itm_128](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331008/2c672216-7de4-11e4-8cbb-6fb43a5a984c.jpg)

Steroids:

![hdn_itm_129](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331009/2c6a1af2-7de4-11e4-822b-9710165fa0d3.jpg)

In the lockers up top, in the bottom row is 10 Phoenix Downs. In the middle
row is 10 Ethers. In the top row is the HP Shout. But, just like in the
normal game, we can't get it yet. Down in the exercise room, in the vending
machines in the top left, buy a drink for 250 Gil, and then BANG on it.

On Floor 65 (are you guys getting nervous about the boss in the chest from
Gjoerulv's mod? I sure am), we have the Midgar puzzle. Thankfully, the
encounter rate is not as high as the other floors, like 63 or the first one.
You should already know how to solve the puzzle, so do it. Once that's done,
don't open the chest with the keycard. I trust you know what happens if you
do. Head back down to the save point and rest (using a Tent, the first time
you should've had to). Save, grab the Hidden Item up on Floor 65, and let's
prepare for the battle to come.

451 Gil:

![hdn_itm_130](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331010/2c6d44a2-7de4-11e4-84ad-cf58d679fcd1.jpg)

Oh boy, our next boss fight is so much fun. You know what that means? I HATE
this goddamn fight! We need 3 elemental resistances against Fire, Ice, and
Bolt. We have our Shinra Limited Edition that we got from Reno. We're gonna
give that to Cloud, since he has the least amount of HP. We're gonna
completely toss physical strategies out the window, so give Cloud the Hard
Edge, Barret the Cannon Ball, and Tifa the Mythril Claw. We have no protection
against Ice, so Barret and Tifa both need Copper Bangles, for the Fire
protection.

Set up your materia like this:

Cloud: |
--------
Thief=Luck+ |

Barret: |
---------
Spread=Spread |
Spread |
Guard |

Tifa: |
-------
Rock=Spread |
Thief |

We're gonna steal from these bosses (there's 3 of them), and these are gonna
give us a large edge. Grab the 66 Keycard, and let's engage in a battle with
the most fearsome squad in Shinra.
                                                                              
Locke |
-------
HP: 12500 |

Venus |
-------
HP: 11100 |

Theo |
------
HP: 15500 |
                                                                              
Strategy: Each soldier has a 32% chance of having their item stolen from them.
With Tifa and Cloud stealing, it shouldn't take so long. IMMEDIATELY have
Barret defend.

When you finally get done stealing (it took me FOREVER to get Venus' Item),
have Tifa use Tremor (Quake2) on Theo. With luck, it'll paralyse him. Use
Cloud's Jump Attack on Theo when he's paralyzed (he won't counter-attack if
he's paralyzed). We want to kill Venus first. He can revive the soldiers
once they're dead. Don't attack Venus with Fire, Locke with Ice, or Theo with
Bolt attacks. They are nullified.

Have Cloud throw a Grenade. Everyone will Counter Attack. Barret will
(hopefully) block some of the attacks. Tifa will use a High Potion on Cloud
when his HP gets to around 1100. That's the killing process. It's not too
tough, but it takes a while, because everyone will most likely be slowed.

At some point during the fight, Venus will run out of MP, making the killing
process even simpler, since we no longer have to worry about Blaze. Theo will
start using Heal as the fight draws to a close, but that's nothing to worry
about.

Venus died first for me. That makes the fight much simpler, because that means
the rest of the group is almost dead as well. Locke will go down next. Have
Cloud use a Jump Attack on Locke. If that doesn't kill him, he'll be close.
They're non-threatening, now that they have no MP (it should have run out by
now), so just physically attack until they die. Have Tifa use Tremor all the
time if you really want to make Theo non-threatening.

Theo's final attack is Virkelightens Doed, which is something in a different
language, I think. Just physically attack Locke until he dies.

It's an easy fight, but holy hell, does it take a while. Run back down and use
another Tent, and let's look at our booty!

We got a Silver Bangle, which makes the wearer immune to Berserk, halve Holy,
and increases your Magic by 15. The Accelerator makes the wearer immune to
Sleep, Slow, Stop, and Paralysis, as well as halving Cut. The Tornado Pendant
makes the wearer immune to Confusion, and they absorb Wind. Very good haul!
Keep in mind that they don't drop anything, so if we didn't steal from them,
we'd have gotten nothing.

Let's go to Floor 66! There's 2 Hidden Items here:

545 Gil:

![hdn_itm_131](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331012/2c714f7a-7de4-11e4-8590-eadc31776319.jpg)

877 Gil:

![hdn_itm_132](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331011/2c70e01c-7de4-11e4-966e-6a64f0ab53eb.jpg)

To climb up in the toilet room, talk to every NPC you can talk to on Floor 66.
That unlocks the option in the dialog. Climb up, and watch the scenes. I was
able to follow it up until Hojo was mentioning other specimens. I THINK those
were Blue XIV and Indigo XV, clones of Red XIII that are in Dirge of Cerberus.
I think. I don't know, I never played Dirge.

On Floor 67, there's 2 Hidden Items:

Reactor Fragment:

![hdn_itm_133](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331013/2c771392-7de4-11e4-9891-72aa8fd79334.jpg)

Poltergeist:

![hdn_itm_134](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331014/2c7ac5a0-7de4-11e4-963f-7b206b043ba6.jpg)

After the scene with Jenova (Cloud's a robot or something, I dunno, I'm sure
that'll get cleared up later), head over to the save point. There's a Panaceca
in the chest next to the save point. Which is a Remedy. Save the game, and
let's prepare for the next boss fight.

Give Barret a Mythril Bangle (we're not setting up Tifa, as she's not going to
be present in the next boss fight). Give Barret the Accelerator you got from
Locke. Give cloud the Shinra Limited Edition, and the Tornado Pendant you got
from Venus. Give Cloud the Mythril Saber. Set up your Materia like this:

Cloud: |
--------
Thief=Thief |
Luck+ |
Flame=Spread |

Barret: |
---------
Spread=Spread |
Spread |
Guard |

Head up a Floor, give Red XIII a name, and send Tifa away. Let's do this!!

Sample: H0512 |
---------------
HP: 15000 |

Sample: H0512-opt |
-------------------
HP: 1111 |

Steal from Sample until you get the Hexer Overcoat. Have Cloud use Blaze on
Sample twice. Have Barret use a Cannon Shell. It'll deal around 9000 damage to
Sample. Wait until he uses Reanimagic. Use Blaze on Sample one more time. Have
Red XIII use a Landmine. Sample should die, along with the opts. You get 3
Dark Urges for winning. You also get Red XIII's Battle Cry if you used Crimson
Bite once. By the way, stealing from Sample can take forever. Despite the 16%
chance, it can take FOREVER. Give Cloud an Energy Drink, so you can steal
faster.

For now, We'll stay with Barret and Red XIII. Grab the Rare Skill (which I
will always from here on refer to as Enemy Skill). Before leaving, there's a
Hidden Item to grab.

Mako Steroids:

![hdn_itm_135](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331015/2c7de870-7de4-11e4-8203-066ed5da3e07.jpg)

The Hexer Overcoat (that we stole from Sample) makes the wearer immune to
Frog and Mini, and halve Fire, Ice, Bolt, and Earth. Certainly very useful.
Head down and save. Red XIII comes equipped with a Power+, Magic+, and Speed+
materia. These can make or break some strategies, depending on Level. Lots of
things we've passed up can. Let's head back up a floor. There's 2 Hidden Items
to get here:

Steroids:

![hdn_itm_136](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331016/2c7e7cfe-7de4-11e4-914c-c80f32bfdb5f.jpg)

Mutagen:

![hdn_itm_137](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331017/2c86cec2-7de4-11e4-94c6-f72aeb23b84f.jpg)

On the railing, there is a Panceca and a Lixir. Talk to the scientist here,
and he'll give you a Phoenix Down, a Kiss, and Keycard 68. Through the door
is a Panceca and an Antidote. Head down to Floor 66, go in the elevator, and
watch the scenes unfold. When you wake up, it seems you've got some work to
do.

If you want, you can learn the Enemy Skill Vodka, which is Roulette. It's
risky, because it can target everyone. On top of that, you have to win the
fight. Not an easy task when all monsters here have 9999 HP or 99999 HP.

Go to the smashed Jenova pod. We have a boss fight to set up for. Give Cloud
and Tifa Copper Bangles, and give Tifa the Shinra Limited Edition. Give Cloud
the Accelerator, Aerith the Hexer Overcoat, and Tifa the Tornado Pendant. Fire
Resistance is VERY important here.

Give Cloud the Buster Sword, Aerith the Mythril Rod, and Tifa whatever you
want. Set up your Materia like this:

Cloud: |
--------
Thief=Thief |
Luck+=Power+ |
Rare Skill |

Aerith: |
---------
Spread=Spread |
Spread=Spread |
Cole=Magic+ |

Tifa: |
-------
Guard |
Speed+ |

Enter the Jenova Pod. Head all the way to the right, and you'll hear the
Materia sound effect. Mash OK here, and you'll get Holy-. You'll also be
thrust into a boss fight.

Midgar Zolom |
--------------
HP: 32666 |

Open the battle by giving Cloud an Energy Drink and 2 Steroids. Also move him
in the front row. This will result in him dealing lots of damage per hit. Just
have him attack. Aerith will be using Blizzard. Tifa will be healing when
necessary and throwing Grenades. Keep this up until the Zolom sits up. Now the
fun begins.

The Zolom's bite now inflicts Dual. Oh, fun! Give Cloud a Mutagen. Not only
will this make him immune to Dual, it'll also give him Lucky Girl. Now he
should deal about 1300 damage a hit. 6400 if he uses Jump Attack. Incredible!

He doesn't knock anyone out of battle anymore. Instead, his Blow Away attack
Paralysis. No matter what. He'll also counter with Inferno (Fire3) sometimes.
It can be single target or hit all. That's why we have Fire Resistance. We're
gonna need to kill this A-Hole as fast as we can. Tifa is gonna be shifted to
healing, instead of throwing Grenades. Cloud still attacks, Tifa still uses
Blizzard. BE CAREFUL, THOUGH! Prioritize healing over damage, or else this
Zolom will wreck you.

For winning, you get 2000 EXP, 200 AP, and not much else. Stealing doesn't
work for some reason, so you can't get his Mega Lixir.

Holy- is very useful, give it to Aerith. Also fully heal yourself, it's very
easy to die at this point. Holy- lets you revive, making Phoenix Downs a
little less useful. It takes forever to Level up, however. On Floor 69, we
have 2 Hidden Items:

500 Gil (2x):

![hdn_itm_138](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331018/2c88ab8e-7de4-11e4-9178-a340b55790c1.jpg)

![hdn_itm_139](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331019/2c8d1c5a-7de4-11e4-8f63-41dc7d07375a.jpg)

Near the Save Point, there is a door. Up there are 2 Vending Machines. The
left one seems to always give you a Potion, and the right one seems to give
you nothing. I must be missing something. Anyway, head up to Floor 70.
Approach Shinra's desk, and watch the cutscene. Afterwards, there's a Hidden
Item to grab:

2000 Gil:

![hdn_itm_140](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4260395/5331020/2c912fac-7de4-11e4-87c0-5b2957d51fc4.jpg)

Head out onto the balcony, and meet Rufus. After all of the scenes, we now
have control of Aerith. Let's set up for the next boss battle.

Give Barret the Assault Gun. Whatever weapons Aerith and Red XIII have don't
matter. Give Barret and Red XIII Mythril Bangles, and give Aerith the Shinra
Limited Edition. Give Barret the Hexer Overcoat, Red XIII the Accelerator, and
Aerith the Tornado Pendant. We won't be using magic in this fight, except for
Holy-. Set up your Materia like this:

Aerith: |
---------
Holy-=Spread |

Barret: |
---------
Power+=Speed+ |
Spread |
Luck+=Guard |
Spread |

Red XIII: |
-----------
Thief=Thief |

Fully heal everyone and save. Head to the elevator, and let's fight our next
bosses!

Hundred Gunner |
----------------
HP: 19887 |

Give Barret a Mutagen and Steroids. He'll be doing about 300 damage. Red XIII
will throw Grenades. Aerith will defend and use Ancient Wind when she gets it.
Healing's a big necessity, Hundred can do a lot of damage. EVentually, he'll
switch phases and start using Main Artillery. Use High Potions on Aerith after
every second Ancient Wind, as she should almost be dead then. Keep up the same
strategy, and he'll switch phases and start charging the Sensor Cannon. It'll
most likely kill Aerith and Red XIII, so use Phoenix Downs when necessary.
Eventually, Hundred will fall, but we're not done here yet.

Heli Gunner |
-------------
HP: 14776 |

Less HP, and a bit easier. Barret should keep attacking, and Red XIII should
still throw Grenades. That's about 900 damage per round. His AB and C Cannon
inflicts various statuses, like Paralysis and Silence. Silence won't do him
very much good, and Paralysis isn't that hindering. Eventually, he'll switch
phases. His Flying Drill and Spinning Bodyblow aren't so dangerous. Keep up
the same strategy, and he'll fall, probably after a Mega Blast from Barret.

For winning, you get a Backup System, which is a Safety Bit.

Cloud's turn. Let's set him up for the incoming battle with Rufus. But wait,
an interruption from Tifa! Should we let her help? I say yes. The extra
character will make this fight (and the stealing) easier. Let's set them up
for the battle with Rufus.

Give Cloud the Buster Sword, Silver Bangle, and Backup System. Give Tifa the
Mythril Claw, Carbon Bangle, and Hexer Overcoat. Set up your Materia like
this:

Cloud: |
--------
Thief=Power+ |
Speed+=Spread |
Element=Bolt |
Rock=Spread |

Tifa: |
-------
Thief=Luck+ |
Magic+=Guard+ |
Spread=Spread |
Holy- |

Turn the battle speed all the way down. Proceed with the fight with Rufus. Oh
boy, this is intense.

Rufus |
-------
HP: 6500 |

Dark Nation |
-------------
HP: 5000 |

Have Cloud open with Tremor-All. Hopefully, everyone will be Paralyzed. Start
stealing from them. Dark Nation gives a Fury Ring, and Rufus gives another
Shinra Limited Edition. They all have a 16% chance of being stolen. We have
the battle speed turned all the way down so we have enough reaction time to
steal and re-cast Tremor.

Keep up this strategy until you've got everything stolen. Once that's done,
use a Reactor Fragment, and Dark Nation will most likely be poisoned. It'll
deal 3200 damage to him, since he's weak to Poison. This'll ensure he dies
before Rufus, which is what we want. Alternatively, you could just use a Dark
Urge. Dark Nation is not immune to death.

Now that Rufus is the only one left, start using Grenades. He'll fall very
fast, since each Grenade does about 650 to him.

You should already know what the Shinra Limited Edition does. The Fury Ring
puts the wearer in Berserk, increases his Strength and Vitality by 50, and
makes them immune to Confusion and Darkness. Our best accessory yet!

I know you're not too interested in dying, so give Cloud a Lixir. The chest in
the back has a Tent. Leave the screen, and we'll take control of Aerith. Head
out to the front door, and watch the cutscenes.

Time for the motorcycle minigame. We're gonna set up hardcore for this next
boss fight. If we die now, it means having to start back at the Gunners. And
I KNOW you don't want that!

We're going to use Cloud, Barret, and Tifa, since they have the most HP. Fire
Protection is ESSENTIAL. Set everyone in the front row. Let's get everyone
set up.

Give Cloud the Hard Edge, Shinra Limited Edition, and the Tornado Pendant.
Give Barret the Cannon Ball, Carbon Bangle, and Hexer Overcoat. Give Tifa the
Mythril Claw, Shinra Limited Edition, and the Accelerator. Set up your Materia
like this:

Cloud: |
Thief=Luck+ |
Speed+=Holy- |

Barret: |
---------
Guard |
Spread=Spread |
Spread=Spread |

Tifa: |
-------
Thief |
Cold=Magic+ |

It's a dangerous boss fight we're about to enter. Everything's on the line
here, and we have an item to steal. With a, you guessed it, 16% chance. When
you think you're ready, let's go.

Make sure you take as little damage as possible in the motorcycle minigame by
swinging your sword like a madman. Everyone should stay behind you, especially
the red ones. If any of the orange ones get ahead, quickly cut them down, and
get the red bikes behind you and keep swinging. Eventually, you'll reach the
end of the road. Time for the final boss fight for a while.

Motor Ball |
------------
HP: 30000 |

He'll open with a Back Attack, which is why we have everyone in the front row.
Start Stealing, defending, and healing. You're probably running out of healing
items (I'm on my last leg myself), but just pull through this fight, and we've
reached our reprieve.

His opening Back Attack reduces everyone current HP by 50%, so it can't kill
you, but it's still bad. Barret's the guardian while we steal, so have him
Defend. Healing's gonna be a problem for me, since all I have is a Lixir,
Mega Lixir, and a Mako Potion.

Motor Ball has a Fire Ring to steal, and that's important. Every steal is
important. When he bends down, he'll use Twin Burner. That's about 550 damage.
1100 if you don't have Fire Resistance. See why I said it was essential? It's
FAR more important here than it was against the Zolom.

Motor Ball will eventually use Rolling Fire. That's 800 Damage to everyone.
If anyone dies, just Phoenix Down them. They'll have more HP. It's preferable
if you use Raise, rather than a Phoenix Down. It restores 50%, rather than
25%.

The damage process is tough. Grenades don't do too much, and I only had 17.
Your options concerning damage are limited. Have Tifa cast Blizzard, and
everyone else defend is about the best I can think of if you don't have items.
Rolling Fire may stop someone, and that's bad, as they're going to be out of
commission for a long time.

Do whatever you have to to win. Motor Ball has 30000 HP, and that can take a
long time to drop, as it's very easy for him to sweep you. I recommend using
all damaging items until you have one of each left, and let him charge up your
limits. Revive someone if they die by using Raise. Or a Phoenix Down,
whichever is available.

Like I said, DO WHATEVER YOU HAVE TO TO WIN. This fight is not easy. It took
me about a half an hour, but I eventually did it. His Final Attack is Rolling
Fire. If he uses that out of nowhere, you probably won.

Now, that's out of the way. Take a rest and pat yourself on the back; You beat
Midgar! A feat that hasn't been done by many. Watch the cutscenes, and let's
leave Midgar...

[**Back to previous part**][1]

[**Back to Index**][3]

[1]: https://github.com/Vgr255/Nightmare/blob/master/Walkthrough/Part%205%20-%20Train%20Graveyard%20and%20Top%20of%20the%20Pillar.md
[3]: https://github.com/Vgr255/Nightmare#walkthrough
