# Part 9 - The Oasis in the Desert

Recommended Level: |
--------------------
Cloud-LVL 23 |
Barret-LVL 23 |
Tifa-LVL 23 |

On the mountain path, head through the trail to the reactor. Follow that path
through to reach a large set of train tracks. Jump the first hole, and take
the path up, and Cloud will stumble. Let him fall, and hold Left and Mash OK.
Cloud will grab the edge, and on the climb back up, you'll get a Wizard Staff
for Aerith. Continue up the path to get a W Machine Gun in a chest for Barret.

Follow the path down, and Cloud will stumble again. Hold Right and Mash OK,
and on this climb back up, you'll get a Moon Pendant. Follow this path down,
and there's a fork in the road. Take the path back up (with a potion and a
Materia). The potion is a Speed+. Advance forward. Cloud will stumble again,
but this time, jump over. Grab the Materia, which is Speed+. Head back, and
take the top path to advance to the next set of tracks.

Head across the bridge into the shed. Activate the thing, and then follow the
broken trail for a few seconds. Birds will be chirping. You can climb near the
part of the wall where you hear the chirping. Up here, there's birds. Take
the treasure, and fight the battle, it's really easy. For winning, you get 10
Phoenix Downs, something that is very welcome. Then you get thrown off. Rude
birds!

Head back to the tracks from before, and then take the lower path to end up on
the lower set of tracks (do you like my bad directions?). There will be a
track that leads to the right, and then another that leads to some rocks. Take
the one that leads to the rocks, and follow this path under the tracks to
reach a cave with a Tent, Power+ and Guard+. Head back out, take the right
track, and you'll wind up on a big-ass bridge. Follow the bridge to its end to
wind up in North Corel.

After the scenes, let's take a look around town! In the Right-most tent, there
is a girl in the back. She'll walk to the right, near a pot in the corner,
then walk back. After she walks back, examine the pot, and you'll get a Mega
Elixir. At the Weapon Store, we've got some slotless weapons! But... they're
all... 30,000... Gil. Damn it. We'll come back to those, don't worry. Make
sure you have 30,000 gil, head up to the tram, and let's go to the Gold
Saucer!

The entry ticket costs 30,000 Gil, because everything is expensive in this
mod. Once you get control, pick whoever you want to accompany you, and go to
the Wonder Square. Look, it's Cait Sith! He has a whole bunch of HP, even
enough to rival Barret! He's gonna take Tifa's place in the party. Welcome
aboard, cat! He starts with a Yellow Megaphone, a Fourty-Two, and a Blob
King Pendant. He's got Seize, which is Manipulate. He also has a Luck+.

Go to the Ghost Hotel, and read the third Turtle's Paradise flyer. Go to the
Battle Square. After the scenes, go into the lower right house, and we'll
learn a little about Dyne. Take Cloud, Barret, and Cait Sith. Give someone
Seize, and 2 other people the Enemy Skills. There's 3 enemy skills to learn.
First, we have Rocket Blast from the Bullmotors. They have a very high chance
to use it, and they can be found in groups of four at the screen with all of
the garbage.

Next, we have Negative Energy to learn from the Death Claws. Negative Energy
is Laser. It's been changed to cause "Defense Destruction", which removes
Barrier and MBarrier. Might be useful for some later battles. Last, from the
Blood Hounds, there's Zeta, which is ????. Its effect has been completely
revamped, however. Now it affects MP, and it will reduce MP to 0. The only
problem is the fact that it costs 205 MP.

To learn Zeta, the Blood Hound will use it as a Final Attack. He'll either use
Zeta, Quake (Quake3), or nothing as a Final Attack. Zeta's gonna be more
useful than MP Dynamite. Lastly, we have a boss fight to set up for. Give
Barret the Atomic Scissors, a Shinra Limited Edition, and the Exo-Skeleton.
Set up your materia like this:

Barret: |
---------
Spread=Spread |
Spread |
Thief- |
Spread=Throw |
Range+=Space |
Chocobo=Chronus |

Heal up, save, and go through the garbage screen. Turn your battle speed all
the way down. Time for a boss fight!

Dyne |
------
HP: 20000 |

Open with Paradog. Use Compress on YOURSELF 10 times (it has the effect of
Dragon Force, so even though you're taking damage, your defense is increasing.
Exactly what we want). After the 10th casting (you'll need an ether), steal
from Dyne until you get the Solid Bazooka. Now, attack him until he hits
15,000 HP. Then, use a Mutagen, then let him hit you with Needle Shot, then
use the Chocobo, to stop Dyne. Then, use an Energy Drink, and start physically
attacking. When Stop wears off, he'll have about 9000 HP left.

He'll start using 2 attacks in a turn, but that's Ok. Just keep Physically
attacking until Dyne uses Spray Shot. Barret is berserked now, and he'll hit
for a lot of damage. That should be it for Dyne.


After the scenes, GRAB THE ELDER SAGE MATERIA. You're only here once. Now, you
gotta race a chocobo. Hold Switch, PageDown, and Camera (Square, R1, and R2)
and dash when you get to the end. For winning, we get the Buggy! Free Roam!
Take Cloud, Barret, and Cait Sith with you.

[**Back to previous part**][1]

[**Back to Index**][3]

[1]: https://github.com/Vgr255/Nightmare/blob/master/Walkthrough/Part%208%20-%20Junon,%20Chewnon.md#part-8---junon-chewnon
[3]: https://github.com/Vgr255/Nightmare#walkthrough