# Part 8 - Junon, Chewnon

Recommended Level: |
--------------------
Cloud-LVl 22 |
Barret-LVL 22 |
Tifa-LVL 22 |

Head back into town. Talk to the old woman near the entrance, and go into the
house. Rest, and head outside the house. Instead of meeting up with the rest
of the group, go to Fort Condor. There's another battle to be fought. After
placing the 3 Catapults, send an attacker down the middle, and a shooter down
the left path. For winning this battle, you get a Diamond Pendant, an
accessory that lets the wearer Absorb Holy and Poison, and increases Spirit by
30. There's a benefit to doing these battles, even if it drains you of money.

Head back to Junon, and meet with the group. You'll get the Ice Queen Materia,
which is Shiva. Head down to the beach, and Priscila will give you the
whistle. Rather than using the Dolphin to go to Upper Junon, head back to Fort
Condor. There's another battle to be fought. Do the same thing in this battle
that you did in the last. For winning, you get 10 Mega Ethers. At the moment,
it's bugged, and doesn't give you anything.

That's the last battle for a while (until we get the Buggy), so head back to
Junon and jump with the Dolphin. Just push Square twice; no need to move. Keep
moving until you get to the marching section. Turn your message speed down to
the default speed before going through the alleyway. This section is tough
because of the Auto-Run. RUN straight down, and then WALK when you get to your
spot. Yes, run through the soldiers. Mash the Circle button when you get in
your spot, and you should get over 50% using this method. I got 58%.

For getting over 50%, you get 50,000 Gil. Essential for the Shopping
we're about to do. When you gain control, turn your message speed back up.
Let's do some shoppin'! Nothing to be had in the first room. Skip the alley.
Go into the second room. Buy 20 High Potions. Head out, and into the third
room. By the green section (with the red triangle), talk to the soldier
blocking the way. Enter the underground room, and grab the second Enemy Skill.

On the second floor, there's a Mind+, 1/35 Soldier, and a Luck+. Don't use the
sources yet, we'll use them all at once later. Head upstairs, and grab the
Power+ and Guard+. Head out and into the next area (where Rufus left a minute
ago). Head through the tunnel, into the next section of town.

Skip the first door. In the second, head to the second floor, and buy a Thief-
and a Dark. That's 27,000, something you can afford with the money you just
got. The upper store has a bunch of accessories. But they're all expensive.
I'll save you the trouble of grinding. We'll do this after we get the buggy,
and have access to better areas. For now, buy a Speed Enhancer. This will
allow for characters to reach 255 Dexterity (and actually, beyond that; keep
in mind that the limit is NOT actually 255, the counter just stops there.).

Skip the Weapon Shop; all it has is stuff we all have. Red's Weapon costs 2
gil because it's his initial by the way. Oh, and you can go ahead and use the
sources we just got. Get above 100 on the next minigame; I missed like 8
commands, and I still got 190. You get the Force Stealer, a weapon for Cloud
with 2x materia growth. Walk your ass into the boat, and let's set sail in 
this regatta!

On the boat, open the chest to your immediate left for some Steroids. Give
Yuffie a Tranq; it's not necessary, but I like her! Talk to the soldier to the
left side of the boat. Hey, it's Aerith! Pick whichever option you want. Head
upstairs, and climb the ladder. Talk to the soldier here, and we've found
Tifa! Again, pick whichever option you want. Head down the back path, and talk
to the soldier dancing like he's on Ritalin. We've found Red XIII. Head back
down and talk to Aerith, then head down the path where Red was and talk to
Barret. Stuff's goin' down!

We have people to choose from. Why fix what's not broken? Cloud, Barret, and
Tifa have worked for us so far. Head down and grab the Spread that Yuffie was
guarding. As if we don't already have enough of those. Let's set up for our
next boss fight. Jenova halves damage from all of our physical attacks, so
use someone with the high strength. We're gonna use a Mutagen on this
character. Damage output needs to be the absolute highest here.

Give Cloud the Buster Sword, the Shinra Limited Edition, and the Strength
Bangle. Give Barret the Atomic Scissors, the Shinra V2.17, and the Backup
System. Give Tifa the Grand Glove, Chocobo Spirit, and the Speed Enhancer. Set
up your materia like this:

Cloud: |
--------
Throw=Analyze |
Magic+=Thief- |
Range+=Power+ |
Speed+=Luck+ |

Barret: |
---------
Guard Thief |
Spread |
Spread=Spread |

Tifa: |
-------
Restore=Spread |
Protect=Spread |
Ice |
Queen |
Chronus |

Turn your battle speed all the way down. Get ready for something glorious.

Jenova Ortus |
--------------
HP: 99999 |

If Jenova opens with Celestial (Comet2), reset. We need everyone alive. Open
with Ice Queen, and Jenova will be silenced, and we no longer have to worry
about Celestial. Give Cloud 4 Steroids, and then a Mutagen. Next, have Tifa
use Paradog, to Slow Jenova down. If Cloud's Limit Gauge isn't full, have
Cloud physically attack. She'll counter attack with Gas, and that should
fill it. If not, then use a High Potion on Cloud, and attack again. Have Tifa
use Wall on the whole party while you're trying to charge Cloud's Limit Gauge.

Once it's full, have Cloud use Jump Attack. Wow. I'm not even going to spoil
it for you. She'll use Gas, and Cloud will have a full limit gauge again.
Repeat this process until Jenova dies. Simple.

But, it's not that easy if you want her steal. At Level 22, you have a 0.76%
chance to steal it. I miraculously got it on my second try. I would start
stealing during the "Charge Cloud's Limit Gauge" phase. Keep stealing until
you get the Exo-Skeleton, an accessory that gives +30 Strength, +50 Vitality,
and halves Hit and Punch.


There's Horned Flame to grab, which is Ifrit. Climb up the ladder, and grab
the Wind Slash, a weapon for Yuffie. Head out of the boat to get to Costa Del
Sol. After the scenes, head through the door straight ahead, and not buy the
Villa for 10,000,000 Gil. Head downstairs, and grab the Power+, Motor Drive,
and Flame Ring. Head back up and out and into the bar. Talk to the guy in the
lower right, and buy 3 Platinum Bangles for a paltry 300 Gil.

At the Materia Store, buy 1 Vitality+ and 1 Spirit+, for 15000 Gil. You could
sell the Flame Ring, but let's not. I barely had enough. We're headed to Corel
anyway, so you can grind up a tad there.

Our Jenova Setup seems a little... TOO defensive. Let's change that. Cloud's
going to be our magician, Barret's gonna be our Tank, and Tifa's gonna be the
physical powerhouse. Give Cloud the Force Stealer, the Platinum Bangle, and
the Accelerator. Give Barret the Atomic Scissors, the Platinum Bangle, and the
Diamond Pendant. Give Tifa the Motor Drive, the Platinum Bangle, and the
Exo-Skeleton. Set up your Materia like this:

Cloud: |
--------
Restore=Spread |
Magic+ |
Holy- |
Protect=Spread |
Alterate E. Skill |

Barret: |
---------
Guard=Vitality+ |
Spread |
Spread |
Spread=Thief |
Speed+ |
Mental |

Tifa: |
-------
Range+=Power+ |
Luck+ |
Thief=Space |
Analyse |
Dark |

Use a Tent, save, and head on to Mt. Corel.

[**Back to previous part**][1]

[**Back to Index**][3]

[1]: https://github.com/Vgr255/Nightmare/blob/master/Walkthrough/Part%207%20-%20The%20Glorious%20World%20Map.md#7---the-glorious-world-map
[3]: https://github.com/Vgr255/Nightmare#walkthrough
